---
layout: post
title: Dribble#6
subtitle: PCOS
---

<div class="text-center">
<br/>
</div>

I got diagnosed with PCOS recently, which to be honest hasn't hit me that hard; 
been as I pretty much diagnosed myself and the GP's were next to useless. 
When you have to tell the professionals what’s wrong with you and insist they 
follow up with the blood tests and scans you know you're basically talking to a 
novice in their field. <br><br>
The most frustrating part about it all is that I had scans not a year ago, 
for the same reason, and got told first that i had three ovaries... yes three, 
then I got told that both my ovaries were on one side and then to top it off they 
sent their apologies and said that everything was normal. Talk about professional. <br><br>
I'm absolutely certain that GP surgeries have KPIs that tell them the less referrals 
that they make to specialists the bigger their Christmas Bonus will be. <br>
After all specialists cost more dosh and actually know what they're talking about. <br><br>
Anyway, I've decided that I am going on a life detox, 
to target my symptoms naturally and hopefully make me less lethargic.<br> 
<br><br>
If you all thought I was a grump before, I'm about to get 100 x worse. My detox includes:<br>
•	No more caffeine
•	Stop smoking
•	Insulin resistant diet
•	Reduction in carbs, gluten, cakes, <b> dairy </b> and alcohol
•	Exercise more<br>
For the foreseeable future I am going to not be a nice person. <br>
I just feel sorry for people who have to work with me. 


<br><br>
</font>